c:\users\therese\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SchoolClasses\SchoolClasses\bin\SchoolClasses.dll.config
c:\users\therese\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SchoolClasses\SchoolClasses\bin\SchoolClasses.dll
c:\users\therese\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SchoolClasses\SchoolClasses\bin\SchoolClasses.pdb
c:\users\therese\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SchoolClasses\SchoolClasses\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.dll
c:\users\therese\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SchoolClasses\SchoolClasses\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
c:\users\therese\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SchoolClasses\SchoolClasses\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\users\therese\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SchoolClasses\SchoolClasses\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
c:\users\therese\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SchoolClasses\SchoolClasses\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
c:\users\therese\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SchoolClasses\SchoolClasses\bin\System.Web.Optimization.dll
c:\users\therese\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SchoolClasses\SchoolClasses\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
c:\users\therese\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SchoolClasses\SchoolClasses\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
c:\users\therese\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SchoolClasses\SchoolClasses\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
c:\users\therese\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SchoolClasses\SchoolClasses\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
c:\users\therese\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SchoolClasses\SchoolClasses\bin\WebGrease.dll
c:\users\therese\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SchoolClasses\SchoolClasses\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
c:\users\therese\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SchoolClasses\SchoolClasses\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
c:\users\therese\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SchoolClasses\SchoolClasses\bin\System.Web.Optimization.xml
c:\users\therese\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SchoolClasses\SchoolClasses\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
c:\users\therese\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SchoolClasses\SchoolClasses\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
c:\users\therese\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SchoolClasses\SchoolClasses\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
c:\users\therese\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SchoolClasses\SchoolClasses\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
c:\users\therese\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SchoolClasses\SchoolClasses\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.pdb
c:\users\therese\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SchoolClasses\SchoolClasses\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\users\therese\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SchoolClasses\SchoolClasses\obj\Debug\SchoolClasses.dll
c:\users\therese\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SchoolClasses\SchoolClasses\obj\Debug\SchoolClasses.pdb
c:\users\therese\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SchoolClasses\SchoolClasses\bin\EntityFramework.dll
c:\users\therese\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SchoolClasses\SchoolClasses\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
c:\users\therese\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SchoolClasses\SchoolClasses\bin\Ninject.dll
c:\users\therese\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SchoolClasses\SchoolClasses\bin\Ninject.Web.Common.dll
c:\users\therese\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SchoolClasses\SchoolClasses\bin\Ninject.Web.Mvc.dll
c:\users\therese\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SchoolClasses\SchoolClasses\bin\WebActivatorEx.dll
c:\users\therese\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SchoolClasses\SchoolClasses\bin\EntityFramework.xml
c:\users\therese\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SchoolClasses\SchoolClasses\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
c:\users\therese\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SchoolClasses\SchoolClasses\bin\Ninject.xml
c:\users\therese\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SchoolClasses\SchoolClasses\bin\Ninject.Web.Common.xml
c:\users\therese\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SchoolClasses\SchoolClasses\bin\Ninject.Web.Mvc.xml
c:\users\therese\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SchoolClasses\SchoolClasses\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.dll
c:\users\therese\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SchoolClasses\SchoolClasses\bin\System.Web.Http.dll
c:\users\therese\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SchoolClasses\SchoolClasses\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.dll
c:\users\therese\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SchoolClasses\SchoolClasses\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.xml
c:\users\therese\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SchoolClasses\SchoolClasses\bin\System.Web.Http.xml
c:\users\therese\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SchoolClasses\SchoolClasses\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.xml
c:\users\therese\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SchoolClasses\SchoolClasses\bin\WebApiContrib.IoC.Ninject.dll
c:\users\therese\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SchoolClasses\SchoolClasses\obj\Debug\SchoolClasses.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
D:\Therese\projects\SchoolClasses\SchoolClasses\bin\SchoolClasses.dll.config
D:\Therese\projects\SchoolClasses\SchoolClasses\bin\SchoolClasses.dll
D:\Therese\projects\SchoolClasses\SchoolClasses\bin\SchoolClasses.pdb
D:\Therese\projects\SchoolClasses\SchoolClasses\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.dll
D:\Therese\projects\SchoolClasses\SchoolClasses\bin\EntityFramework.dll
D:\Therese\projects\SchoolClasses\SchoolClasses\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
D:\Therese\projects\SchoolClasses\SchoolClasses\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
D:\Therese\projects\SchoolClasses\SchoolClasses\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
D:\Therese\projects\SchoolClasses\SchoolClasses\bin\Ninject.dll
D:\Therese\projects\SchoolClasses\SchoolClasses\bin\Ninject.Web.Common.dll
D:\Therese\projects\SchoolClasses\SchoolClasses\bin\Ninject.Web.Mvc.dll
D:\Therese\projects\SchoolClasses\SchoolClasses\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.dll
D:\Therese\projects\SchoolClasses\SchoolClasses\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
D:\Therese\projects\SchoolClasses\SchoolClasses\bin\System.Web.Http.dll
D:\Therese\projects\SchoolClasses\SchoolClasses\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.dll
D:\Therese\projects\SchoolClasses\SchoolClasses\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
D:\Therese\projects\SchoolClasses\SchoolClasses\bin\System.Web.Optimization.dll
D:\Therese\projects\SchoolClasses\SchoolClasses\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
D:\Therese\projects\SchoolClasses\SchoolClasses\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
D:\Therese\projects\SchoolClasses\SchoolClasses\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
D:\Therese\projects\SchoolClasses\SchoolClasses\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
D:\Therese\projects\SchoolClasses\SchoolClasses\bin\WebActivatorEx.dll
D:\Therese\projects\SchoolClasses\SchoolClasses\bin\WebApiContrib.IoC.Ninject.dll
D:\Therese\projects\SchoolClasses\SchoolClasses\bin\WebGrease.dll
D:\Therese\projects\SchoolClasses\SchoolClasses\bin\EntityFramework.xml
D:\Therese\projects\SchoolClasses\SchoolClasses\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
D:\Therese\projects\SchoolClasses\SchoolClasses\bin\Ninject.xml
D:\Therese\projects\SchoolClasses\SchoolClasses\bin\Ninject.Web.Common.xml
D:\Therese\projects\SchoolClasses\SchoolClasses\bin\Ninject.Web.Mvc.xml
D:\Therese\projects\SchoolClasses\SchoolClasses\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.xml
D:\Therese\projects\SchoolClasses\SchoolClasses\bin\System.Web.Http.xml
D:\Therese\projects\SchoolClasses\SchoolClasses\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.xml
D:\Therese\projects\SchoolClasses\SchoolClasses\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
D:\Therese\projects\SchoolClasses\SchoolClasses\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
D:\Therese\projects\SchoolClasses\SchoolClasses\bin\System.Web.Optimization.xml
D:\Therese\projects\SchoolClasses\SchoolClasses\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
D:\Therese\projects\SchoolClasses\SchoolClasses\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
D:\Therese\projects\SchoolClasses\SchoolClasses\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
D:\Therese\projects\SchoolClasses\SchoolClasses\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
D:\Therese\projects\SchoolClasses\SchoolClasses\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.pdb
D:\Therese\projects\SchoolClasses\SchoolClasses\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
D:\Therese\projects\SchoolClasses\SchoolClasses\obj\Debug\SchoolClasses.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
D:\Therese\projects\SchoolClasses\SchoolClasses\obj\Debug\SchoolClasses.dll
D:\Therese\projects\SchoolClasses\SchoolClasses\obj\Debug\SchoolClasses.pdb
D:\Therese\projects\SchoolClasses\SchoolClasses\bin\Microsoft.Practices.EnterpriseLibrary.Common.dll
D:\Therese\projects\SchoolClasses\SchoolClasses\bin\Microsoft.Practices.EnterpriseLibrary.ExceptionHandling.dll
D:\Therese\projects\SchoolClasses\SchoolClasses\bin\Microsoft.Practices.EnterpriseLibrary.ExceptionHandling.Logging.dll
D:\Therese\projects\SchoolClasses\SchoolClasses\bin\Microsoft.Practices.EnterpriseLibrary.Logging.dll
D:\Therese\projects\SchoolClasses\SchoolClasses\bin\Microsoft.Practices.EnterpriseLibrary.Common.xml
D:\Therese\projects\SchoolClasses\SchoolClasses\bin\Microsoft.Practices.EnterpriseLibrary.ExceptionHandling.xml
D:\Therese\projects\SchoolClasses\SchoolClasses\bin\Microsoft.Practices.EnterpriseLibrary.ExceptionHandling.Logging.xml
D:\Therese\projects\SchoolClasses\SchoolClasses\bin\Microsoft.Practices.EnterpriseLibrary.Logging.xml
